[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
HOW LONG DO WE HAVE TO WAIT?
UNTIL WE CATCH
OUR BAD GUY.
CAN I SLEEP?
YOU CAN'T SLEEP
ON A STAKEOUT, SHAWN.
YOU CAN EAT,
YOU CAN CHEW GUM...
BUT YOU CAN'T DRINK,
BECAUSE IF YOU DRINK,
YOU'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO PEE,
AND THE TARGET
ALWAYS COMES OUT
RIGHT WHEN
YOU GOT TO PEE.
NOW I THINK I GOT TO PEE.
WELL, THEN, SHAWN,
YOUR BLADDER'S
GOING TO GET
SOME TRAINING
TONIGHT, TOO.
[CHUCKLING]
WE GOT ACTION.
NOW, I WANT YOU
TO STAY--
LOW.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
SHH. GO, GO.
COME ON.
I GOT YOU!
I GOT YOU RED-HANDED,
YOU LYING SON OF A BITCH.
"I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR NEWSPAPER,
HEN RY."
YOU'RE TRANSPARENT, CLARK.
YOU DIDN'T THINK I COULD
NAB A LIAR LIKE YOU?
I CAN EXPLAIN.
TELL IT TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD
WATCH ASSOCIATION.
GIVE THE PAPER
TO THE BOY, CLARK.
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?
CH ECKING
BASEBALL SCORES.
MY FANTASY TEAM IS KILLING ME.
THIS IS THE CHIEF'S OFFICE.
I KNOW. SHE RUNS THE LEAGUE.
I'M KIDDING.
SHE'S IN A MEETING.
SHE WON'T MIND.
PLUS, WE LOOK REALLY IMPORTANT
HANGING OUT IN HERE.
GUS, HAVE YOU TRIED THIS CHAIR?
IT'S A PREGNANCY CHAIR.
WE HAVE TO GET ONE
FOR THE OFFICE
IMMEDIATELY.
MY BIRTHING CANAL
HAS NEVER FELT SO IN LINE.
WE NEED TO GET OUT OF HERE.
SHE TOLD ME TO WAIT.
FOR WHAT?
I'M NOT A MIND READER.
NO, THAT'S JUST
WHAT YOU TELL
EVERYBODY.
I WANT YOU TO TRY THIS CHAIR.
I'M NOT TRYING THAT CHAIR,
SHAWN.
I'LL SIT
ON THE BIRTHING BALL.
I KID YOU NOT,
THAT THING IS LIKE
A REFRESHING WATERFALL
CASCADING DOWN
YOUR VERTEBRAE.
IT MIGHT HELP
WITH YOUR STOMACH ISSUES.
WHO TOLD YOU
I HAD STOMACH ISSUES?
UH, MY NOSE?
THE VENT
IN THE BATHROOM?
AIR FRESHENERS
ALL OVER THE PLACE?
I'M TRYING
A NEW MEDICATION
FOR MY LACTOSE INTOLERANCE.
I BELIEVE THE PROBLEM
IS PHYSICAL,
AND I THINK IT CAN BE CURED
BY WHAT I AM NOW
REFERRING TO AS...
"THE MAGIC SPRINGY
BOUNCE-UP CHAIR."
HEY, SHAWN.
SMOOTHIES ARE HERE.
PINEAPPLE?
OF COURSE.
THAN KS, BUZZ.
YOU'RE HAVING FOOD DELIVERED?
THEY WERE ALREADY GOING OUT.
OH, BOY. I TELL YOU...
WOW.
WHAT DID I TELL YOU?
NOW, TAKE A HIT
OFF THIS BAD BOY
AND COMPLETE
THE MOMENT.
YOU'VE EARNED IT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THIS IS, MR. GUSTER?
I APOLOGIZE.
THIS WILL NEVER
HAPPEN AGAIN.
GIVE ME THAT!
BOYS, OUT.
GUS, A SMOOTHIE?
YOU KNOW THESE THINGS STAIN.
MMM.
BUT THEY ARE
VERY DELICIOUS.
CHIEF, WOULD YOU LIKE SOME?
THAT'S NOT MY SMOOTHIE.
I DON'T CARE
WHOSE SMOOTHIE IT IS.
I DON'T EVEN REMEMBER
WHY I ASKED YOU TO STAY NOW.
YOU WANT US ON THAT CASE,
WITH THE BLOND WOMAN.
MM-HMM. WINTERSBY.
WILLACHEK?
WHISTLERBO'ITOM.
NO, NO...
WILCROFI'.
NO, THAT'S NOT--
OKAY, WAIT A MINUTE.
WERE YOU LISTENING IN
ON MY CONVERSATION?
I DON'T KNOW
IF I HEARD IT PSYCHICALLY
OR IF I SAW YOU WALK BY
WITH HER
AND DETECTIVE LASSITER,
BUT I DEFINITELY
HEARD THE WORD "PSYCHIC."
THE WOMAN,
RAYLEN E,
SAID SHE VISITS
AN OCCASIONAL PSYCHIC.
SHE WASN'T ASKING
FOR ONE.
WELL, NOT IN SO MANY WORDS.
NO, NOT IN ANY WORDS.
THIS IS A BANK ROBBERY CASE.
WE DON'T NEED PSYCHICS
FOR A BANK ROBBERY CASE.
BANK ROBBERY?
MM-HMM.
I DIDN'T READ ANYTHING
IN THE PAPER.
IT WAS FOUR YEARS AGO.
SO IT WENT UNSOLVED?
IT WAS SOLVED.
WELL, THEN WHAT DOES SHE NEED
A PSYCHIC FOR?
GUS, THAT IS A PERFECT LY
REASONABLE QUESTION.
THANK YOU, CHIEF.
WE'LL BE LEAVING NOW.
I'M SORRY, I'M SORRY.
I'M STILL CONFUSED.
HER HUSBAND'S PARTNERS
ARE GE'I'I'ING OUT OF JAIL.
THIS IS A ROUTINE WARNING
THAT WE ISSUE
WHEN SOMEONE
MAY POTENTIALLY BE IN DANGER.
THIS IS THE PART
WHERE WE OFFER UP OUR SERVICES.
NO, I THINK THIS IS
THE PART
WHERE WE LEAVE.
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
BUT WE--
BELIEVE IT OR NOT, MR. SPENCER,
CRIMES WERE SOLVED
LONG BEFORE YOU GOT HERE,
AND THEY CONTINUE TO BE SOLVED
WHEN YOU'RE NOT AROUND.
OH, I REMEMBER
WHAT I WANTED TO TELL YOU.
WHAT?
STAY OUT OF MY CHAIR.
BANK ROBBERS?
DUDE, THAT'S AWESOME.
WE SHOULD GO FIND LASSITER
AND OUR FUTURE CLIENT.
WE GOT TO GO.
DUDE, THIS WOMAN
IS ON AN ETERNAL QUEST
FOR A GOOD PSYCHIC.
THAT'S ME.
I'M GOING TO GO FIND HER.
I'M STAYING RIGHT HERE.
GREAT IDEA.
WAIT 10 SECONDS
AND MAKE AN ENTRANCE.
DRINK SOME.
ARE YOU SAYING
THAT I'M IN DANGER?
YOUR HUSBAND'S PARTNERS
ARE BEING PAROLED TODAY.
I HAVE REASON TO BELIEVE
THEIR FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS
IS GOING TO BE
TO TRY AND FIND THAT LOST MONEY.
BUT THE ONLY PERSON
WHO KNEW WHERE
THAT MONEY ENDED UP
WAS MY HUSBAND.
I KNOW THAT, BUT DO THEY?
HEY, LASSY.
JULIET.
I DON'T BELIEVE
WE'VE MET...
OR DID WE MEET...
IN A BANK?
NO, THAT'S NOT IT.
WHY AM I GETTING "BANK"?
PIGGY BAN K?
SPERM BAN K?
DOESN'T MA'I'I'ER.
I'M SHAWN SPENCER.
I AM THE OFFICIAL HEAD PSYCHIC
HERE AT THE DEPARTMENT.
[LASSITER]:
YOU DON'T HAVE A TITLE,
AND THERE IS SERIOUS DOUBT
AS TO WHETHER
YOU'RE REALLY EVEN PSYCHIC.
I SOLVED
THE MCCALLUM DISAPPEARANCE,
AND THE SUMMERLAND MURDER.
OH, AND I FOUND
YOUR KEYS...
AND YOUR BADGE.
OUT.
SHAWN, WHERE ARE MY KEYS?
WHAT? NO. OUT.
IF YOU DON'T MIND,
WE'RE A LITTLE BUSY.
WE HAVE A...
EXCUSE US, RAYLENE.
DO WE KNOW EACH OTHER?
NO, WE DON'T.
I'M SORRY. PSYCHIC.
REMEMBER?
SOMETIMES, I CAN'T TURN IT OFF.
DO YOU DO READINGS?
WE DO IT ALL.
FULL SERVICE.
I'M A BIT OF AN ENTHUSIAST.
I USED TO HAVE A REGULAR GIRL
READ FOR ME.
REALLY.
UH...
HERE'S A CARD.
WE'RE AT THE BEACHFRONT
LOCATION.
I COULD PUT MY CELL NUMBER
ON THE BACK
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS.
ANYTIME, REALLY.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE SO KIND.
THIS IS
A PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY.
LIKE I SAID,
WE DO IT ALL.
WELL, I ALWAYS SAY,
"A MAN WITH MANY HATS..."
"DOESN'T LIKE
HIS HAIRCUT"?
EXACTLY.
I THOUGHT I WAS
THE ONLY ONE
WHO READ THAT BOOK.
THAT'S MY FAVORITE.
MINE TOO.
[LOUDLY CLEARS THROAT]
AND...SCENE.
[***]
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
THAT I'M NOT TELLING THE TRUTH *
THEY JUST DON'T HAVE ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
* LEARN HOW TO BEND
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* THEY WILL PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END **
[PRINTER WHIRRING]
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
DUDE, WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG?
THIS IS GOOD STUFF.
YOU'VE GOT TO SEE WHAT HAPPENED
TO THIS CAR.
I MEAN, IT WAS REALLY...
WHAT?
WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
OH, THAT?
I HAD A DRYWALLER
COME IN,
TAKE OUT A WALL.
A WALL?
THIS IS A RENTAL.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
OUR LANDLORD
IS GOING TO SAY?
GEE, I DON'T KNOW. "THANK YOU"?
GUS, THIS PLACE
WAS WAY TOO CRAMPED.
MY NAME IS ON THAT LEASE.
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL MAKE SURE YOU GET
A THANK-YOU NOTE, TOO.
YOU'RE TAKING MY NAME
OFF THE LEASE,
AND THE DOOR,
AND THESE FRISBEES.
GUS, DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
LOOK, I'M ALMOST POSITIVE
THIS ISN'T
A LOAD-BEARING WALL,
BUT IF YOU'RE REALLY CONCERNED,
GO JUMP UP AND DOWN IN THE ATI'IC
AND MAKE SURE.
WHAT IS SHE DOING HERE?
AH.
SHE'S OUR FIRST REAL CLIENT.
ACTUAL CLIENT?
HIRED FOR THE JOB?
ACTUAL CLIENT.
GO ON, MAN.
I HAVE TO ADMIT,
WHEN I MET YOU
AT THE POLICE STATION,
I WAS INTRIGUED,
SO I CHECKED
YOUR RECENT TRACK RECORD.
IT'S AMAZING, REALLY.
WELL, IT'S...
IT'S A TEAM EFFORT.
NOT REALLY.
I DO MOST OF THE WORK.
WHAT CAN WE
HELP YOU WITH, MA'AM?
I NEED YOU TO GET
IN CONTACT WITH SOMEONE.
WELL, TRACKING PEOPLE DOWN
IS OUR SPECIALTY.
WHAT?
OH, IT'S NOT NOW?
THIS ONE MIGHT BE
A LITTLE TRICKY.
HOW TRICKY?
IS THE PERSON OUT OF THE STATE?
COUNTRY?
HE'S DEAD.
AH, AND I ASSUME
THAT'S WHY YOU NEED A PSYCHIC.
HOLD ON.
DEAD?
LIKE DEAD-DEAD?
CURRENTLY BEING
EATEN BY WORMS?
HE'S ACTUALLY ENTOMBED
IN A MAUSOLEUM.
GUS, HE'S ASCENDED
TO THE NEXT DIMENSION.
IT'S FINE.
NO, SHAWN,
I THINK WE MIGHT BE
AT A BIT OF AN IMPASSE.
WHAT EXACTLY
DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
MY HUSBAND
WAS NOT A PERFECT MAN.
HE GOT HIMSELF
IN A BIT OF TROUBLE.
OKAY, I'LL BE HONEST--
IT WAS A LOT OF TROUBLE.
HE GOT INVOLVED
IN A BANK ROBBERY.
HE WAS ONE OF THREE,
BUT THE ONLY ONE
WHO DIDN'T GO TO PRISON.
UNFORTUNATELY, THE REASON
HE DIDN'T GET CAUGHT
WAS THAT HE DROVE HIS CAR
DOWN AN EMBANKMENT--
WAIT.
I SEE RAIN.
NO ROADS. NO.
THERE WAS A FIERY CRASH,
WASN'T THERE?
YES.
WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO ASK,
RAYLENE?
WELL, THIS IS
HARD TO SAY,
BUT HE WAS THE ONE DESIGNATED
TO BURY THE MONEY.
THEY WERE TO ALL MEET LATER
AND DIVIDE THE CASH,
ONLY HIS PARTNERS
WERE CAUGHT FIRST.
SO WHY WAIT UNTIL NOW?
HIS PARTNERS THINK THAT I KNOW
WHERE HE HID THE MONEY.
IF I DON'T
GIVE IT TO THEM,
THEY'RE GOING TO KILL ME.
SHAWN, CAN I SPEAK TO YOU
OUTSIDE, PLEASE?
I...GUESS.
DUDE, WHAT IS
WRONG WITH YOU?
SHAWN, I DON'T KNOW
HOW TO BREAK THIS TO YOU,
BUT YOU ARE NOT PSYCHIC.
CLUE ME IN
ON THE PROBLEM HERE.
IT'S A BIG PROBLEM
WHEN THE JOB REQUIRES
EXTENSIVE CONVERSING
WITH THE DEAD.
GUS, WHAT IS THE QUESTION
THAT SHE WANTS ANSWERED?
"WHERE IS THE MONEY," RIGHT?
THAT DOESN'T REQUIRE
ANY ACTUAL
DEAD GUY CHIT-CHAT.
WE SIMPLY TRACE HIS LAST STEPS,
DO A LITTLE RESEARCH,
ASK A FEW QUESTIONS,
AND BINGO.
STOP SAYING "BINGO."
YOU KNOW HOW I HATE THAT.
OKAY, FINE.
YAHTZEE.
WE'RE NOT DOING IT,
SHAWN.
MAH-JONGG!
GUS!
MRS. WILCROFI'...
RAYLENE.
YOUR PROBLEM IS...
OUTSIDE OF OUR REACH.
[MOUTHING WORDS]
YOU ARE IN REAL DANGER.
I'D LIKE TO RECOMMEND
POLICE PROTECTION.
I'M PLEASED TO BE OF SERVICE.
THANK YOU.
I KNOW
THEY'RE IN THERE.
JUST SO YOU KNOW,
I AM UNCOMFORTABLE
WITH INTRA-OFFICE
ROMANCE.
I WASN'T CONSIDERING IT...
AND I'M COMPLETELY
UNCOMFORTABLE
WITH THE IMPLICATION.
SO IT WASN'T TRUE?
THE RUMOR ABOUT YOU
AND YOUR LAST PARTNER.
I'M NOT GOING TO DIGNIFY THAT
WITH A RESPONSE.
MM-HMM.
THIS IS THEM.
THE BANK ROBBERS?
YEAH, A BIT
WORSE FOR WEAR
THAN THE DAY
I ARRESTED THEM.
YOU CAUGHT THEM?
I WAS PART OF A TEAM,
BUT YEAH, IT WAS MOSTLY ME.
THAT'S A BIG DEAL.
WOULD'VE BEEN A BIG DEAL
IF I FOUND THE MONEY
AND CLOSED THE CASE.
THINGS LIKE THAT
MAKE A CAREER.
INSTEAD,
I GOT A BUNCH OF LOOSE ENDS,
A DEAD GUY,
AND $3.6 MILLION IN CASH
THAT VANISH ED
INTO THIN AIR.
IT'S FUNNY.
THEY DON'T LOOK SO MEAN.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "MEAN"?
THEY LOOK LIKE REPAIRMEN.
BIG REPAIRMEN,
BUT THEY DON'T LOOK
LIKE KILLERS.
DUCK.
EYES OF A SERPENT,
EARS OF A BAT...
SEND US A SIGNAL FROM...
SHAWN.
I HEAR A VOICE.
CAN I SEE YOU OUTSIDE, PLEASE?
IT WANTS ME TO COME OUTSIDE.
NOW?
I SHOULD GO.
[TURNS FAN OFF]
IS THAT MY BATHROBE?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT DOES IT LOOK
LIKE I'M DOING?
I'M HAVING A SEANCE.
YOU CAN'T HAVE A SEANCE.
THERE ARE NO RULES
AGAINST HAVING A SEANCE.
ANYONE CAN HAVE ONE.
IT'S LIKE A GARAGE SALE
OR PLASTIC SURGERY.
OKAY, FIRST OF ALL,
TECHNICALLY,
YOU NEED TO HAVE A PERMIT
TO HAVE A GARAGE SALE.
SECONDLY, YOU CANNOT
SPEAK TO THE DEAD.
OH, GUS, YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
AT ALL, DO YOU?
I DON'T NEED TO MAKE CONTACT
WITH THE DEAD.
NO, I NEED TO SPEAK
WITH ALL THE PEOPLE
IN THAT ROOM.
TH EY'RE WITN ESSES.
WE CAN PIECE TOGETHER THE REST
BASED ON THE INFORMATION
THEY GIVE US.
I'M ALREADY
ON TO SOMETHING.
CHECK THIS OUT.
THE DEAD GUY WAS ON THE LAM
FOR THREE DAYS WITH THE CASH.
HE HAD HELP.
FROM WHOM?
I'M ALMOST THERE.
[SHAWN HUMMING]
RAYLENE...
YES, SHAWN?
I'M SENSING
THE LAST TIME HE CALLED,
BEFORE THE ACCIDENT.
ELLEN WAS THE ONLY ONE
WHO TALKED TO HIM.
ELLEN.
YES, I FEEL THAT DEEPLY.
YOU DIDN'T TELL THE POLICE THAT,
DID YOU?
NO, I WAS AFRAID.
HE'S MY BROTHER.
I DIDN'T WANT TO TURN HIM IN.
NO, OF COURSE NOT.
WHERE DID HE CALL FROM?
A PAY PHONE OUTSIDE A STORE.
YES, IT WAS A STORE.
I FEEL IT.
WHICH STORE?
UH, I THINK
IT WAS A...
TH RIFI'Y MART.
UP NORTH.
HE'D BEEN DRIVING.
I-I'VE ALWAYS IMAGINED
IT WAS THE ONE NEAR...PISMO?
PISMO. YES.
BUT THE SPIRITS
ARE CONFUSED.
THEY NEED MORE
SPECIFIC DIRECTIONS.
NEAREST. . .CROSS STREET?
UH, JUST PAST THE PARK
WE USED TO HIKE
WITH ROGER.
WHO'S ROGER?
HE'S OUR COUSIN.
REALLY?
BUT WAIT! THERE'S MORE.
THE SPIRITS ARE ASKING ME...
WHAT IS ROGER'S ADDRESS?
I REALLY HAVEN'T
SEEN ROGER IN YEARS.
COME ON, ELLEN!
WORK WITH ME!
THINK HARDER.
SORRY.
HOW ABOUT A PHONE NUMBER?
OKAY.
[GASPS]
GUS, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
YOU'VE BROKEN THE CHAIN
OF SPIRITUAL TRUST.
I DIDN'T BREAK ANYTHING.
DON'T RUIN IT FOR EVERYONE,
GUS.
I'M NOT RUINING ANYTHING.
LISTEN, RAYLEN E,
I HAVE TO
APOLOGIZE TO YOU.
YOU SEEM
LIKE A VERY DECENT PERSON,
BUT WHAT YOU NEED IS PROTECTION,
NOT THIS.
A BODYGUARD, A POLICEMAN.
I CAN ASSURE YOU,
THERE IS NO SPIRIT IN HERE.
WHAT?
AND LET ME MAKE YOU
A GUARANTEE.
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO WAY
THERE'LL BE ANY SORT OF CONTACT
WITH ZOMBIES--
[GLASS SHA'I'I'ERS,
WOMEN SCREAMING]
[TIRES SQUEALING, CAR RECEDING]
YOU OKAY?
I THINK THAT'S ALL
FOR TONIGHT, LADIES.
DID YOU DO THAT?
[WHISPERING]:
WHY WOULD I RUIN
OUR TOTALLY COOL WINDOW?
FOR EFFECT.
TO MAKE ME THINK
YOU CONTACTED AN EVIL GHOST.
GUS, PLEASE.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
FLOAT THAT IDEA BY ME SOONER?
THAT'S GENIUS.
SOMEBODY OBVIOUSLY
WANTS US OFF THIS CASE.
I THINK
IT'S THOSE CONVICT S,
BUT WHOEVER IT IS,
WE'LL NEVER FIND THEM.
I JUST SAW THEM
RUN OFF.
YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
YEAH.
[LOUDLY]: LADIES, STAY HERE.
WE'RE GOING AFI'ER THEM...
OR IT.
[WHISPERING]:
LET'S GET SOME TACOS.
AND THEN THE WINDOW
JUST SHATI'ERED.
AND YOU THINK
GHOSTS DID IT?
NO, NO, NO, NO,
THOUGH THERE MAY HAVE
BEEN SOME WOMEN PRESENT
WHO THOUGHT GHOSTS
WERE RESPONSIBLE.
I BLAME IT
ON THE TWO CONVICT S
FROM THE HOLMBY BANK ROBBERY.
I'M SORRY.
I STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY THAT MEANS
YOU NEED TO SEE
THE ENTIRE CASE FILE.
OH, NO, JULIET,
WE DON'T NEED TO SEE
THE WHOLE THING.
NO, JUST THE COVER PAGE,
ONE OR TWO OTHERS
HERE OR THERE...
DEFINITELY THE WITNESS LIST...
YOU GOT TO SEE THAT.
AND THE CHIEF'S OKAY WITH THIS?
OH, YEAH!
YEAH !
I DON'T THINK SO.
NO?
NO.
I LIKED THE OTHER
GIRL BETTER.
NOT ME.
HEY, SINCE WE'RE HERE,
WE SHOULD DO SOME DIGGING.
GOOD IDEA.
WHY DON'T YOU DIG ME
GETTING THE HELL
OUT OF HERE
AND GOING
TO GET SOME SLEEP?
I SET YOU UP FOR THAT.
LOBBED IT RIGHT OVER
THE PLATE.
[COUGHING]
MR. SPENCER!
OH!
HEY, YOU.
WHAT A SURPRISE.
YOU LOOK DIFFERENT.
YES, I TOOK YOUR ADVICE.
TH REE WEEKS
WITHOUT A CIGARE'I'I'E.
WELL, IT HAS CERTAINLY
ENHANCED YOUR AURA...
AND REMEMBER,
IT WASN'T MY ADVICE.
IT WAS YOUR GRANDMA'S SPIRIT.
HAVE YOU...
SPOKEN TO HER AGAIN?
SHE'S HERE.
NOW?
YES.
WHERE?
IN THIS HALLWAY?
NO.
IN THE RECORDS ROOM.
I THOUGHT I FELT
SOMETHING EERIE IN THERE.
ME TOO.
UNFORTUNATELY,
I'M NOT ALLOWED DOWN THERE.
PLEASE.
[DOOR OPENS]
NO, NO, NO.
NOT TOO MUCH LIGHT.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO SCARE HER AWAY.
YES.
OH, YES.
YES, I CAN FEEL HER,
ALL RIGHT.
SHE'S...
SHE'S OVER BY THE Ws.
NO.
IIWIII
[GASPS]
THIS IS IT.
I'M NERVOUS.
DON'T BE.
I WANT YOU TO RELAX,
BREATH E,
CLOSE YOUR EYES.
WHY WOULD SHE BE
IN THE Ws?
I DON'T KNOW.
DID YOU KNOW ANY Ws?
THAT BASTARD WALTER.
WALTER...
YOUR...
EX?
WOW. YES.
I HEAR SOMETHING.
ME TOO.
PAPER!
NO.
NO, IT'S NOT PAPER.
YES, IT'S CLEARLY PAPER.
YOU HAVE TO CONCENTRATE.
BREATHE. DEEPLY.
NO. UH-UH.
I'M DEFINITELY
NOT FEELING ANYTHING
ANYMORE.
[GASPS]
I THINK WE'VE LOST HER.
I'M SO SORRY
I COULDN'T REACH HER.
IT'S OKAY.
I KNOW HOW TEMPERAMENTAL
THE SPIRIT WORLD CAN--
YOUR HAND!
[SCREAMS]
IT WAS THE SPIRITS.
IT'S A MESSAGE
FROM BEYOND.
WHAT DOES IT SAY?
I THINK I SHOULD
KEEP IT TO MYSELF.
IT'S A PRIVATE MESSAGE.
[LIGHT SWITCH CLICKS]
DUDE, YOU LOOK
SO PEACEFUL
WHEN YOU'RE SLEEPING.
NEVER COME IN MY APARTMENT
AGAIN.
I'VE SEEN THE HOLMBY BANK FILE.
SHAWN, I DON'T WANT TO--
THE COUSIN IS THE KEY.
THE COUSIN
THE SISTER MENTIONED?
AND IMMEDIATELY REGRETI'ED.
YOU COULD SEE IT.
SHE LET IT SLIP.
DUDE, THE GUY
RUNS A CEMETERY.
WHICH ONE?
OH, I DON'T KNOW, THE ONE
DAVID WILCROFI' IS BURIED IN.
I BET YOU
DOLLARS TO DONUTS
HE KNOWS EXACTLY
WHERE THE MONEY IS.
LOOK, IT'S ALL RIGHT HERE
ON MY HAND.
HIS NAME IS ROGER BLAINE.
CREEPY AS ALL-GET-OUT.
LIVES ON THE GROUNDS ALONE,
NO WIFE, NO KIDS...
NOT THAT PART.
THAT'S THE ITALIAN SEAMSTRESS
I MET AT THE RENAISSANCE FAIR.
HOW MUCH FURTHER
IS THIS PLACE?
I DON'T KNOW.
50, 60 MILES.
60 MILES?
AND YOU DIDN'T GET ME A DONUT?
I DID GET YOU A DONUT,
AND THEN I ATE IT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M DOING THIS.
SOLVING A CRIME?
THAT HAPPENS TO BE
OUR JOB DESCRIPTION.
NO, DRIVING SO FAR ON A WHIM.
"A WHIM," HE SAYS.
A GUY DIES
AND GETS BURIED
BY HIS OWN WEIRDO COUSIN
IN A TINY CEMETERY
WAY UP THE COAST
IN A TOWN
WITH A POPULATION OF 200.
THAT IS NOT A WHIM.
THAT IS A CLUE.
YOU THINK THE COUSIN
HAS THE MONEY?
"ROGER BLAINE"?
THAT EVEN SOUNDS LIKE AN ALIAS.
HE COULD'VE
KILLED WILCROFI',
OR IT COULD HAVE BEEN
THE SISTER.
GUS, THEY'RE ALL KIND OF CREEPY.
THE DEAD GUY, THE UNDERTAKER,
THE SISTER, RAYLENE...
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
THERE'S NOTHING CREEPY
ABOUT RAYLENE.
NOTHING CREEPY
ABOUT THE MELODRAMATIC WIDOW?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
WHO MARRIES A BANK ROBBER?
WHO SEES A PSYCHIC EVERY WEEK?
THERE'S NOTHING WRONG
WITH HER, SHAWN.
OKAY, WHAT IS
THIS THING YOU HAVE
WITH WOMEN IN JEOPARDY?
THEY HAVE A NAME
FOR THIS, YOU KNOW.
IT'S CALLED
THE STOCKHOLM SYNDROME.
NO, IT'S NOT.
FLORENCE NIGHTINGALE'S
DISEASE?
ARE YOU TRYING
TO BE FUNNY?
YOU CAN'T RIDICULE ME
BECAUSE I WANT TO HELP.
I CAN WHEN YOU WANT
TO HELP TOO MUCH.
YOU HAVE AN UNNATURAL AFFINITY
FOR THIS WOMAN
THAT I SIMPLY
CANNOT WRAP MY BRAIN AROUND.
SHE DRESSES
LIKE SHE'S ON HER WAY
TO A PTA MEETING.
FINE.
SHE REMINDS ME OF SOMEBODY
WHO WAS VERY IMPORTANT TO ME.
WHO?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
OH, NO.
WHAT?
DON'T SAY IT.
DON'T SAY
MEREDITH BAXT ER BIRNEY.
IT'S NOT M.B.B.
THIS IS UNHEALTHY.
OKAY, YOU WERE
IN LOVE WITH HER, TOO.
I LOVED HER BECAUSE
SHE WAS MRS. KEATON
AND SHE GAVE BIRTH TO A.P.K.
IT'S NOT HER ANYWAY.
WHO IS IT?
MY BABYSITI'ER.
YOUR BABYSI'I'I'ER?
YES, MY BABYSI'I'I'ER.
GUS, MRS. PILDERMAN
WAS IN HER LATE 60$.
MRS. PILDERMAN
WAS 37 YEARS OLD,
AND SHE WAS A NURSE, SHAWN.
SHE TAUGHT ME, YOU KNOW,
ABOUT BOOKS AND ART,
THINGS LIKE THAT.
THINGS LIKE SKINNY-DIPPING.
I DID NOT GO SKINNY-DIPPING
WITH MRS. PILDERMAN.
WELL, AT LEAST
THAT SHEDS SOME LIGHT ON IT.
[KNOCKING]
HUH. NOBODY'S HOME.
NO, SOMEBODY'S HERE.
YOU CAN SEE
THROUGH DOORS NOW?
THAT'S THE NEW THING?
I CAN SMELL THE LAUNDRY VENT.
NO, YOU CAN'T.
OKAY.
[SNIFFING]
OH, GUS, PLEASE,
WITH THE SUPERSMELLER...
YOU HAVE TO STOP.
[SNIFFING]
I CAN SMELL IT, TOO.
I TOLD YOU.
JEANS AND SOCKS
AND UNDERWEAR
AND A BOUNCE SHEET.
HOW LONG DO YOU THINK IT TAKES
TO DRY A LOAD OF CLOTHES?
30 MINUTES?
SOMEBODY'S HERE
AND NOT ANSWERING THE DOOR.
GUS...
I APOLOGIZE.
THAT'S VERY IMPRESSIVE
DETECTIVE WORK.
I FEEL A LITTLE BAD
ABOUT THE DONUT THING NOW.
YOU SHOULD.
DANG IT.
LET'S TRY THE BACK.
[MAKES BIRD SOUND]
[WHISPERING]:
JUST STAY HERE.
WATCH .
WHOA!
YOU'RE NOT ROGER.
NO. NO, NO, YOU'RE, UH...
YOU'RE DAVID WILCROFT.
AREN'T YOU
SUPPOSED TO BE DEAD?
[THUD]
GUS?
GUS.
IT'S NOT THAT EASY TO EXPLAIN.
I'M NOT A REAL CRIMINAL.
I JUST...
I GOT IN A LITTLE OVER MY HEAD.
YOU ROBBED A BANK.
I DIDN'T WANT TO.
I WAS IN A BAD PLACE.
THEY TRUSTED ME.
I WAS SUPPOSED
TO STASH THE CASH.
YOU LOST THE MONEY.
YEAH. HOW'D YOU KNOW?
UH...
IT WAS...
IT WAS RAINING REALLY HARD
FOR TWO WHOLE DAYS.
IT WAS THE WORST RAINSTORM
IN 30 YEARS.
YOU COULDN'T FIND IT.
YEAH, BY THE TIME
THE ROADS REOPENED,
EVERY MARKER I LEFT
WAS GONE.
IT WAS WASH ED AWAY.
I LOST
THREE AND A HALF
MILLION DOLLARS.
DRIVING BACK,
I NEARLY DROVE
OFF THE ROAD.
IT WAS THEN I REALIZED
I'D BE BETTER OFF DEAD.
AND YOU HAVE BEEN DIGGING
EVER SINCE.
EVERY CHANCE
I CAN GET OUT THERE
WITHOUT THE RISK
OF BEING SEEN
BY HIKERS OR MOUNTAIN BIKERS,
I DIG.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
RAYLENE IS IN AGONY
OVER THIS.
I DIDN'T MEAN HER ANY HARM--
YOU WERE NEVER
GOING TO TELL HER?
I COULDN'T.
EXCUSE US A MOMENT.
WHAT?
[WHISPERING]: GUS...
WHAT'S HAPPENING WITH YOU
AND THIS GUY'S WIFE?
ARE YOU HAVING FEELINGS
FOR THIS WOMAN?
THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
NO, GUS.
THIS IS WONDERFUL.
LOOK, WE DIDN'T KNOW
HE WAS ALIVE.
WHEN SHE CAME TO US,
SHE WAS TECHNICALLY AVAILABLE,
SHAWN, STOP IT.
I'M NOT HITTING
ON YOUR WIFE.
NO, HE'S NOT,
BUT THERE IS
SOME SERIOUS CRUSHING HERE.
DUDE, I AM NOT BLIND.
"A MAN WITH MANY HATS
DOESN'T LIKE HIS HAIRCUT"?
WHAT? WHAT BOOK IS THAT FROM?
SHE'S A CHARMING WOMAN.
"A CHARMING WOMAN"?
YOU'RE JANE AUSTEN NOW?
SHE IS AN ADULT.
SHE IS ATTRACTIVE.
SHE IS MATURE--
SHAWN...
DAVID, HELP ME OUT HERE.
TELL HIM THAT THIS IS HEALTHY.
RAYLENE
IS A VERY DYNAMIC WOMAN.
EVERYBODY'S DRAWN TO HER.
LOOK, GUYS,
I KNOW YOU WANT TO TURN ME IN.
BUT YOU'VE GOT TO UNDERSTAND,
I AM CLOSE.
I AM SO VERY CLOSE.
I'VE COVERED NEARLY EVERY INCH
INSIDE THE KALISH TRAIL LOOP
WHERE I BURIED IT.
AND YOU WANT US
TO LET YOU FIND IT?
GET HER TO HIDE SOMEPLACE,
SOMEPLACE SAFE.
I JUST WANT
TO RETURN THE MONEY
AND GET ON
WITH MY LIFE.
WE HAVE TO THINK THIS THROUGH.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW, IN MY MIND...
THEY WERE THE LUCKY ONES.
THEY GOT TO GO
TO PRISON,
PAY OFF THEIR DEBT TO SOCIETY.
I'VE BEEN LIVING AS A DEAD MAN.
IF RAYLENE'S GOING TO
FIND OUT THAT I'M ALIVE,
AT THE VERY LEAST
DON'T LET IT COME
FROM A STRANGER.
LET IT COME FROM ME.
WE'RE LETTING HIM GO?
HE'S NOT GOING ANYWHERE
UNTIL HE FINDS THAT MONEY.
I DOUBT THAT'LL BE
ANYTIME SOON.
HE DID HAVE COOL HAIR,
THOUGH.
WE'RE MISSING
SOMETHING ELSE HERE.
HE'S THE KEY
TO SOLVING THIS PUZZLE.
WE NEED TO TELL RAYLENE.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WE'RE HOLDING ALL THE CARDS.
WHY WOULD WE DO THAT?
BECAUSE SHE'S IN DANGER.
MAYBE WE CAN FIX THAT.
[GUS]: YOUR HUSBAND,
HE'S ALIVE.
GUS!
REMEMBER THE PART WHERE
WE WEREN'T GOING TO TELL HER?
WE NEVER SAID THAT.
WE FOUND HIM.
HE'S WITH HIS COUSIN.
ROGER?
NO, NO, NO.
THAT CAN'T BE.
[SHAWN]: I'M SURE
YOUR HEAD IS SPINNING,
AND THAT YOU DON'T FEEL
COMPLETELY SAFE
RIGHT NOW,
BUT REST ASSURED,
WE DO HAVE A PLAN.
WE ARE GOING TO PUT THE CONVICT S
BACK IN JAIL.
WHERE THEY BELONG.
AND ARE GOING TO STAY
FOR A WHILE.
[LASSITER]:
WE'LL PUT THESE GUYS BEHIND BARS
WHERE THEY BELONG.
UGH.
SO...
WHO AUTHORIZED
THIS STAKEOUT?
WHAT?
YOU KNOW,
WHO SET IT UP?
I DID.
I MEAN,
WHO SANCTIONED IT?
APPROVED IT.
ABOVE YOU.
ABOVE ME?
I DON'T THINK I LIKE
WHERE THIS IS GOING.
I JUST MEAN IT SHOULD BE
OFFICIALLY SANCT ION ED
AS PER THE POLICE CODE.
WHICH ONE?
11A-17.
TICKY-TACK.
DOESN'T APPLY.
IN MOST CASES,
SOMEONE STILL
HAS TO AUTHORIZE IT.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT,
I REMEMBER NOW.
I DID.
WHAT ABOUT 42.211?
WHAT ABOUT IT?
WELL, IT STATES THAT--
IT'S SUPERSEDED BY 15.75.
NOT NECESSARILY.
IF YOU'RE
IN THE JURISDICTION
OF A 23.40, IT IS.
MAYBE.
"MAYBE"?
TECH NICALLY,
A 23.40 ONLY APPLIES
IN FEDERAL CASES.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
IN HERE?
I THOUGHT
WE COULD SHARE INFO.
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING AT?
GET OUT OF MY CAR!
SHOULDN'T YOU BE WONDERING
HOW I SLID IN
AND LOUNGED FOR TWO MINUTES
WITHOUT YOU NOTICING?
YOU'RE NEW AND PRETTY,
SO IT'S OKAY.
YOU'VE GOT 10 SECONDS
BEFORE I LATCH THE DOORS
AND HAUL YOU
DOWN TO THE STATION.
[SING-SONG]: THEY DON'T KNOW
WHERE THE MONEY IS.
WHAT?
ISN'T THAT WHY
YOU'RE FOLLOWING THEM?
SO THEY'LL LEAD YOU
TO THE MONEY?
PSYCHIC.
IT'S AMAZING.
YOU'LL GET USED TO IT.
LOOK,
THE DEAD GUY
BURIED THE MONEY
AND THEN LOST IT,
BUT THAT'S BESIDE THE POINT.
I THINK WE CAN CUT OUR LOSSES,
AND PUT THESE TWO
BACK BEHIND BARS,
IF WE WORK TOGETHER.
AND HOW DO WE
DO THAT?
FIRST, WE DRESS UP
AS MUSKETEERS
AND MAKE A VERY SPECIAL PACT.
COME ON,
YOU WATCHED THEM
PULL AT LEAST A HANDFUL
OF PROBATION VIOLATIONS.
YOU'VE BEEN TAILING THEM.
YOU SAW
WHAT THEY DID TO MY OFFICE.
THEY HAVEN'T BEEN
ANYWHERE NEAR YOUR OFFICE.
THEY WERE NEAR ENOUGH
TO BUST OUT MY WINDOW
TWO NIGHTS AGO.
YOU'RE WRONG.
YOU LOST THEM, ANYWAY.
WE'LL TALK TOMORROW.
BYE, JULIET.
THEY DON'T WANT
OUR HELP?
OF COURSE THEY DON'T,
BUT THEY ALSO
LOST OUR GUYS.
DID YOU SEE
WHERE THEY WENT?
DID I SEE
YOU MEAN, DID I SEE THEIR CAR
TURN RIGHT ON RIVERSIDE,
OR DID I SEE
THE PARKING TAG
FROM THE 2400 MOTEL?
TOUCHE.
DID YOU SEE WHAT KIND OF WHISKEY
THEY BOUGHT?
SHAWN, PLEASE.
TIME IS BEING WASTED.
[LAUGHS]
THIS IS BREAKING
AND ENTERING.
NO, NO, NO.
ONLY IF WE BREAK SOMETHING...
AND THEN ENTER SOMETHING.
ENTERING IS JUST "ENTERING."
I'M NOT BREAKING THE LAW, SHAWN.
LOOK, YOU WANT TO SAVE
YOUR LITTLE WIDOW?
WE'VE GOT TO FIND SOME EVIDENCE
TO PUT THESE GUYS AWAY.
I'M STANDING FIRM ON THIS.
FINE.
WHAT ABOUT THE WINDOW?
IF IT JUST OPENS,
DOES THAT COUNT?
DEPENDS.
OOH.
I SEE SOMETHING.
SHAWN?
I MIGHT BE ABLE
TO SLIDE THIS CHAIN OFF.
SHAWN?
GUS, I'M TRYING TO CONCENTRATE.
YOU MIGHT WANT TO TURN AROUND.
WHAT?
WHOA.
[COCKS GUN]
YOU GUYS PARKED
AROUND BACK, HUH?
OKAY, OKAY!
WAS THAT REALLY NECESSARY?
WERE WE RESISTING?
MAN, WINDOW INSPECTOR?
IN A MOTEL?
OKAY, I LIED.
I DID.
I'M SORRY.
THE TRUTH IS...
I'M A PSYCHIC.
THAT'S WHAT I DO.
PERHAPS YOU'VE READ ABOUT ME
IN THE PAPER RECENTLY.
I'VE BEEN IN JAIL FOUR YEARS.
YOU DON'T HAVE PAPERS?
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS HAD TV
AND YARD DARTS
AND MAH-JONGG AN D--
OKAY.
I-I-I, UH...
I COME BEARING A MESSAGE...
FROM A DEPARTED BEING.
DAVID WILCROI-T...
WANTS YOU TO KNOW
THAT HE LOST THE MONEY.
IT'S GONE FOREVER.
WHY ARE YOU TELLING US THIS?
UH, HE...
HE IS CONCERNED
THAT YOU'RE
GOING TO HARM...
RINS... RACKLE...
RAYLENE.
[CH UCKLES]
OH, THAT'S FUNNY.
[LAUGHING]
THAT IS FUNNY.
JESSE, CAN YOU MAKE SURE
THAT WE ARE NOT DISTURBED?
YOU CAN...
CAN YOU PROVE
YOU'RE A PSYCHIC?
SURE.
SURE. UH...
UH, YOU ARE...
A BANK ROBBER.
YES.
YOU...
DID NOT LIKE PRISON...
YOU ARE WEARING THE SAME PANTS
THAT YOU WERE
RELEASED IN,
AND YOU HAVE...
YOU'VE PACKED ON A FEW POUNDS
SINCE BEING INCARCERATED--
NO, LOOK, MAN,
I'M TALKING ABOUT REAL PROOF.
LIKE A TEST.
NOW, LOOK,
IF YOU'RE RIGHT,
YOU LIVE.
IF YOU'RE WRONG...
MAN, YOU DON'T WANT TO BE WRONG.
HERE'S THE THING.
IT'S NOT REALLY
A PARLOR TRICK...
NO.
AND--
AND I DON'T WANT TO CHEAPEN IT.
LOOK, PROVE IT NOW. LET'S GO.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
MOVE.
OKAY, OKAY.
HOW MANY FINGERS?
H-HOW MANY, UH...
FINGERS?
WHAT, ARE YOU--
ARE YOU KIDDING?
I MEAN...
DO I LOOK LIKE
I'M JOKING AROUND?
HOW MANY FINGERS?
WE'VE GOT TO BE ABLE
TO COME UP
WITH SOMETHING BETTER--
TIME'S UP.
FOUR.
ALL RIGHT, HOW MANY NOW?
TWO.
NOW, CAN WE MOVE ON?
BECAUSE GUS AND I
HAVE SOME QUESTIONS--
TH REE.
FOR INSTANCE,
WHY WAS IT SO FUNNY WHEN--
THREE.
AND IS IT POSSIBLE--
STILL THREE.
NOW IT'S TECH NICALLY
TWO AND A HALF FINGERS.
AND...
THE GUY WITH THE GUN
IS FLIPPING ME THE BIRD.
YOU CAN SEE MY FINGERS,
CAN'T YOU?
NO, NO.
[SARCASTICALLY] :
YES. YES, I CAN.
IT'S THE REFLECTION
OF THE TV
BOUNCING OFF THE MIRROR
TO THE...
TO THE WATER PITCHER HERE.
[LAUGHS]
OKAY, MAYBE NOT.
WE'RE GOING TO TRY THIS
ONE MORE TIME.
NOW, HOW MANY FINGERS?
DUDE...
YOU NEED TO STOP PICKING THREE.
RESPECT, MAN.
[LAUGHING]:
OH, MAN, THAT'S...
YEAH.
THEY'RE BACK HERE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE LOST THEM.
DON'T THINK
THAT WASN'T ON PURPOSE.
[SHAWN]: TO WILCROl-T!
A HELL OF A WHEEL MAN.
HE WAS THE WHEEL MAN?
YEAH.
YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT,
RIGHT?
WELL, SHAWN'S VISIONS
SOMETIMES ARE SCATTERED.
INCOMPLETE.
HOW DOES A WHEEL MAN
MISS A TURN
ON A MOUNTAIN ROAD?
OH, I TELL YOU WHAT--
HE DIDN'T MISS THAT TURN.
I BET HE JUST DROVE
STRAIGHT OFF.
YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE HE WAS TRYING
TO GET AWAY FROM HIS...
WIFE.
DAMN, YOU'RE GOOD!
HEY, NO, NO.
THAT'S-- THAT CAN'T BE.
WHY WOULD HE BE--
WE CALLED HER "THE VIPER."
SHE WAS COLD AS HELL.
MAN, WE HAD TO DO
WHATEVER SHE SAID.
WE HAD NO CHOICE.
WHO?
THE WIFE.
RAYLENE?
YOU KNOW HER?
WELL, SHE CAME TO US.
SHE WANTED TO CONTACT DAVID.
FIGURES.
THAT WAS HER ONLY WEAKNESS.
THE OCCULT.
MAN, SHE'D STOP
AT NOTHING
TO GET HER HANDS ON THAT MONEY.
NO, SHE ONLY WANTED THAT MONEY
TO PROTECT HERSELF
FROM YOU TWO.
FROM-- FROM US?
YEAH.
[LAUGHING]
MAN, THE LAST THING
WE WOULD EVER DO
IS CROSS HER.
ALL WE WANTED TO DO
WAS GET AWAY FROM HER.
ESPECIALLY DAVID.
SHE RAN HIM AROUND
LIKE HE WAS AN ANIMAL.
HE DID WHATEVER SHE SAID.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU GUYS
GOT CAUGHT UP IN THE CHARM
OR WHATEVER,
BUT I'LL TELL YOU, MAN,
THAT WAS HER KEY.
SHE COULD PLAY ANYBODY.
I'M TELLING YOU,
SHE'S A VERY DANGEROUS LADY.
RAYLENE WAS THE MASTERMIND?
WHOO!
I ALREADY KNEW THAT...
BECAUSE I'M A PSYCHIC.
COME ON, GUYS.
WE SHOULD GO.
UH...
YOU DON'T WANT
TO GO OUT THAT WAY.
WHY?
WE GOT COMPANY OUTSIDE.
[SHAWN]: IS THERE
ANOTHER WAY OUT OF HERE?
[GUS]: I CAN'T BELIEVE
I JUST CRAWLED
THROUGH A BATHROOM WINDOW.
IT HAS TO BE A LIE.
GUS, YOU'RE ATTRACT ED
TO DANGEROUS WOMEN, MAN.
IT HAPPENS.
JOAN JETT, FOR EXAMPLE.
PENNY MARSHALL.
GRACE JONES.
THE WOMAN WHO PLAYED
PINKY TUSCADERO.
SHE SEEMED SO SINCERE.
SO VULNERABLE, YOU KNOW?
YEAH, TURNS OUT
SHE'S A DOMINEERING SNAKE LADY
WHO DROVE HER BROWBEATEN HUSBAND
TO FAKE HIS OWN DEATH...
AND WE...
WE LED HER
RIGHT TO THE POOR BASTARD.
MAN...
LIZZIE BORDEN.
KATHY BATES...
RAYLENE, THIS IS NOT--
WHOA!
WHAT, TODAY'S
GUN DAY?
SIT.
"JUST RUSH IN HERE."
BAD IDEA, SHAWN.
LET HER HANG HERSELF.
QUIET.
RAYLENE...
I'M SENSING THAT
THIS IS GOING TO END
VERY, VERY BADLY.
FIND ME MY MONEY.
I KNOW YOU HAVE IT.
HE DOESN'T HAVE IT.
I'M THE ONLY ONE WHO KNOWS
WHERE THE MONEY IS.
WHOA, WHOA.
HE DOESN'T KNOW
WHERE THE MONEY IS.
OF COURSE I KNOW
SHAWN, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOUR STRATEGY IS,
BUT YOU DON'T KNOW
WHERE THE MONEY IS.
YOU HAVE FIVE SECONDS.
ONE...
REALLY?
TWO...
THE COUNTDOWN?
TH REE!
OKAY.
IT'S IN THE CRYPT.
THE MONEY'S
IN THE CRYPT?
DAVID HERE CERTAINLY ISN'T.
THINK ABOUT IT, RAYLENE.
ROGER RUNS THE PLACE.
IT'S THE PERFECT
HIDING SPOT.
THEY CAN GET IN AND OUT
WHEN EVER THEY WANT.
PRY IT OPEN.
WITH WHAT?
WITH THE STANCHION.
HUH.
APPARENTLY, THOSE ARE
CALLED "STANCHIONS," GUS.
WERE YOU AWARE OF THIS?
YES, I WAS.
[WHISPERING]:
HOW DID YOU FIGURE OUT
THAT MONEY
WAS IN THE CRYPT?
I'M BLUFFING.
THIS IS NOT
A GOOD TIME TO BLUFF.
I THINK
IT'S A GREAT TIME.
SHE WAS GOING TO
KILL US.
AND BESIDES, I'VE ALWAYS THOUGHT
A CRYPT WAS A GREAT PLACE
TO STASH LOOT, YOU KNOW?
IT'S KIND OF LIKE A VAULT.
YOU CAN JUST GET IN THERE
WHENEVER YOU NEED TO.
SHE'S GOING TO FIGURE OUT
YOU'RE LYING.
EVENTUALLY, BUT COME ON.
IT'S GOING TO TAKE A WHILE
TO BUST OPEN A CRYPT.
[CRYPT CRACKS OPEN]
WOW.
NOT AS LONG AS
I WAS HOPING FOR.
HELP HIM GET IT OUT.
RAYLEN E, PLEASE--
WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR?
[DOOR OPENS]
THAT.
SON OF A--
DAVID.
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS.
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO, RAYLENE?
SHOOT ALL OF US?
NONE OF YOU ARE ARMED.
I CAN DO WHATEVER I WANT.
REALLY, NOW?
DROP IT.
[GUN CLUNKS]
YOU, MOVE AWAY
FROM THE STANCHION.
[STANCHION CLAN KS]
UH...
WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG?
SHUT UP.
HE DOES HAVE NICE HAIR.
YEAH.
THAT TAKES A LOT
OF UPKEEP, THOUGH.
YEAH.
YOU'VE GOT TO WORRY
ABOUT SPLIT ENDS...
DANDRUFF.
IT'S HORRIBLE.
IT'S AWFUL.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
THE WILCROl-TS
ARE NOT TALKING AT ALL
TO OUR INVESTIGATORS.
WE GET INDICATIONS
FROM THEIR LAWYERS
THAT THEY WILL PLEAD THE FIFTH
TO ALL CHARGES,
WHICH LEAVES ME
WITH A WHOLE SLEW
OF LOOSE ENDS.
FOR INSTANCE,
DETECTIVE LASSITER,
COULD YOU TELL ME
HOW YOU MADE THE DISCOVERY
THAT DAVID WILCROFT
WAS STILL ALIVE?
WELL, ACTUALLY, CHIEF,
WE NEVER MADE THAT CONNECTION,
PER SE.
WE WERE ON A STAKEOUT.
YES, I SEE THAT.
YOU DESCRIBE IT AS...
"HARROWING AND INTENSE."
I'M SORRY.
THOSE WERE MY WORDS.
YOU WANTED ME
TO SPELL-CHECK IT.
I STILL DON'T
UNDERSTAND
HOW THAT CONNECTED YOU
TO DAVID WILCROl-T.
WELL, THAT'S WHERE
WE COME IN, CHIEF.
SOME GOOD WORK WAS DONE--
BY DETECTIVE LASSITER.
HE WAS AMAZING.
HE FIGURED OUT
THERE WAS A CONNECTION
TO ROGER BLAINE,
THE COUSIN,
WHO WAS INVOLVED
WITH THE FAKING
OF THE DEATH.
BURNT BODY, NO DNA...
PRETTY CONVENIENT...
HE DEDUCTED.
I NEVER SAID THAT.
NO, BUT YOU THOUGHT IT.
THAT'S HOW GOOD
YOU ARE, LASSY.
YOU PRACTICALLY SOLVED
THIS ENTIRE CASE
UP HERE,
WITHOUT UTTERING A SINGLE WORD.
I DID NOTHING OF THE KIND.
I WAS FOLLOWING THE MONEY
AND PROTECTING RAYLENE.
WHO TURNED OUT TO BE
THE DANGEROUS ONE.
WHICH I PICKED UP
FROM DETECTIVE LASSITER'S
MASSIVE BRAIN.
NOT TRUE.
TRUE.
TR-- NOT.
IT WAS SO.
GENTLEMEN, PLEASE.
SO WE STILL HAVE NO IDEA
WHERE THE MONEY IS?
I GOT NOTHING FROM HIM,
BUT IF HE FIGURES
ANYTHING OUT,
I'LL BE THE FIRST
TO KNOW.
WOULD YOU EXCUSE US
FOR A MOMENT?
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
A PRIVATE CONVERSATION.
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
GIVING YOU CREDIT.
TRYING TO GET ME
TO ADMIT YOU'RE PSYCHIC.
YOU'VE ALREADY DONE THAT.
NO, I HAVEN'T.
YOU'RE RIGHT. I'M SORRY.
YOU DIDN'T ACTUALLY SAY IT.
SPENCER,
NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO,
I WILL NEVER...
NEVER, EVER SAY THOSE WORDS.
WHICH WORDS?
YOU KNOW WHICH WORDS.
NO, MAN,
I LOST MY TRAIN OF THOUGHT.
WHICH WORDS?
OH.
[LOUDLY]:
THAT YOU THINK I'M A PSYCHIC.
[QUIETLY]:
THOSE WORDS?
SO WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO
TELL THEM WHERE THE MONEY IS?
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE THE MONEY IS.
SURE YOU DO.
YOU'RE SEEING...
DIRT.
AM I RIGHT?
NO.
WHAT AM I GOING TO SAY NOW?
WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE?
IT'S SATURDAY.
I THOUGHT WE'D GET
SOME FRESH AIR.
WE DROVE AN HOUR OUT OF TOWN
TO GET SOME FRESH AIR?
WELL, THERE'S THAT...
AND...
AND WE'RE GOING TO FIND
THE DREAD PIRATE WILCROI-T'S
DIRTY BOOTY.
SHAWN, THE GUY'S BEEN DIGGING
FOR FOUR YEARS.
WE'RE GOING TO FIND IT
IN ONE AFTERNOON?
90 MINUTES, TOPS.
AND I BROUGHT
SOME CHICKEN
FOR A HEARTY SNACK.
AND HOW DO YOU PLAN
ON FINDING IT?
WELL, HE SAID HE DUG UP
EVERY INCH OF THE KALISH LOOP
AFTER HE BURIED IT HERE, RIGHT?
YES, THREE MILES' WORTH.
BUT IT WAS DARK,
AND IT HAD RAINED,
AND HE SAID HE THOUGHT
IT WAS RIGHT OFF THE PATH.
HE MAY HAVE GOTTEN LOST.
I HEARD THE STORY, SHAWN.
DID HE REALIZE
THAT THERE IS A "J" KALISH
AND AN "L" KALISH TRAIL?
DUDE, IT'S COMPLETELY DEFUNCT.
CHECK IT OUT.
ONLY USED BY THE RANGERS
FOR BACK FIRES,
MEDICAL ACCESS,
MUD SLIDE
EMERGENCY ROUTES,
LIKE, FOR INSTANCE,
DURING A TORRENTIAL RAINSTORM.
OTHERWISE, IT'S GATED,
AND IT LOOKS
COMPLETELY ABANDONED
FROM THE ROAD.
OKAY, I FIND IT,
I GET CREDIT.
I'M THE PSYCHIC.
I HAVE TO GET A VIBRATION.
"CHIEF? YES.
"I'M GETTING A TRAILHEAD,
A PATHWAY...
"AND SOMETHING ELSE.
"WHAT IS IT?
"CHICKEN BONES.
"YES, TAN DOORI STYLE.
"FRESH.
"OH, I BET THEY WERE DELICIOUS.
YES."
[***]
* IN BETWEEN THE LINES
THERE'S A LOT OF OBSCURITY *
* I'M NOT INCLINED
TO RESIGN TO MATURITY *
* IF IT'S ALL RIGHT
THEN YOU'RE ALL WRONG *
* BUT WHY BOUNCE AROUND
TO THE SAME DAMN SONG? *
* YOU'D RATHER RUN
WHEN YOU CAN CRAWL *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
THAT I'M NOT TELLING THE TRUTH *
THEY JUST DON'T HAVE ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
LEARN HOW TO BEND *
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* THEY WILL PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* I KNOW YOU KNOW *